# Where Is the Future of NFT Heading?

When we say Bitcoin and altcoin, we now talk about NFTs among the digital assets that we follow the technological innovations that continue to develop almost every day.

If we take a closer look at the definition of NFT; In its most basic sense, an NFT is a digital certificate that proves the ownership of a particular asset. It has the characteristics of rarity and indivisibility. It proves authenticity in the fact that you are the sole owner of the original digital or physical object. Besides, NFTs can be an example of tokenized physical assets. Although these concepts may seem technical, NFT has a very simple emotion behind it: the urge to possess. You cannot have a digital presence on traditional web platforms. For example, the profile picture of your whatsapp account or your Facebook account is not actually yours. You can't do anything if it shuts down. On the contrary, the ownership of an NFT stored on the blockchain belongs to you.
 
Before exploring its potential future applications, it is necessary to define NFT correctly. NFT applications are often confused with cryptocurrencies, which is not exactly the case. The background to this comparison is people's view of the internet of the future from the perspective they have today. Owning a digital work of art only seems meaningful if it has monetary value. However, in the internet of the future, digital assets will integrate with people's digital identities. The event has meanings far beyond money. If we examine the subject from a technical point of view; Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ether are specific to certain blockchain networks. Trading platforms provide services for buying, holding and exchanging various cryptocurrencies. Ethereum Smart Contracts take care of the management of NFTs and are responsible for transferring blockchain tokens. Smart contracts contain specific code that contains all the essential information to manage key actions related to NFTs. Actions enable verification and transfer of NFTs.
 
The Ethereum ERC-721 protocol identifies the uniqueness of a particular NFT through information contained in the NFT's metadata. Metadata also includes a token ID that points to an image, image, website, or important digital resource. In this way, it provides access to the certificate of ownership and authenticity, with the immutability of NFT applications.
 
The biggest advantage of NFTs in the current market is their accessibility. NFTs can be accessed by opening an Ethereum wallet, connecting to protocols such as Avalanche, Solana, and blockchain. In addition to digital platform games, sports and art collections, NFTs are also used commercially for shopping, attending events and paying for space in various areas within the Metaverse.
 
With NFTs, works of art are transferred to the digital environment without any changes. If you are an artist, NFT is a way to present your art to the digital world and earn money. If you are a buyer, NFT allows you to support the artists you admire or collect and collect the products you like. You can copyright, buy, store or sell a unique painting, a movie, a song, or even a tweet via NFT.

Although NFTs are used in the fields of art, sports and games today, it is predicted that they will become widespread in all sectors in the near future. Our own documents; It is said that we can personalize our identity, diploma, wedding certificate, passport, CV and certificates with NFT. Assets or documents that require title deed records, notary transactions and patent documents, which we have to prove that we are the owner, can turn into NFTs. To give another example; Companies that want to become a brand will be able to determine their patent and name rights with NFT. NFTs, which contain the personal health record of everyone, can also be used in the health sector.

